fix(v8 DetailsList): Stories and doc update for `onItemInvoked` prop, remove unnecessary instances (#32421)
microsoft/fluentui: packages/react-examples/src/react/DetailsList/docs/DetailsListBestPractices.md

In addition to creating column headers, DetailsList also allows the manual definition of row headers. In the example below, the Name column has been specified as a row header using `isRowHeader: true`. When creating a DetailsList where one column is clearly the primary label for the row, it's best to use `isRowHeader` on that column to create a better screen reader experience navigating the table. For selectable DetailsLists, specifying a row header also gives the checkboxes a better accessible label.

> If using `onItemInvoked` in DetailsList, be sure to add an element (such as buttons or links) that does the same thing, to allow voice control software to interact with each interactive row.

Reviewer: minor wording suggestion:
```suggestion
If using `onItemInvoked` in DetailsList, be sure to add an element (such as a button or link) within the row's cell content that does the same thing, to ensure assistive tech such as voice control or screen readers can perform the action.
```
